README.md, before:

# Licenses in this repo

The canonical URL for this collection of licenses is https://github.com/benlk/misc-licenses

- [The Bugs License](./bugs-license.md): Like the Don't Ask Me About It License, but better.
	- This license is in the Public Domain. No pull requests are accepted against it.
- [Fight Club License](./fight-club-license.md): Don't click until you're ready to use the Fight Club License.
	- This license is a memetic hazard.
- [Schrödinger License](./schrodinger-license.md): Now safe to observe.
- [The Anyone But Stallman License](./stallman-license.md): No exceptions.
	- Historical note: This license is of separate construction from @kasm's "[Anyone But Richard M Stallman](https://github.com/landondyer/kasm/blob/master/LICENSE)" license.
	- Contributors include @marchtemp
- [The Mephistopheles License](./mephistopheles-license.md): If you are worried about losing your soul....

# Other neat licenses

May include joke licenses. In no particular order. Links not guaranteed to work.

Neatness is a hard-to-define quality; the criteria for acceptance here is at least one of: 1) I thought it funny or interesting, 2) someone made a pull request adding it 3) other criteria not listed here.

- [Artistic License](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Artistic_License): A serious license, not copyleft, kinda like CC-BY
- [The JSON.org license](http://www.json.org/license.html): MIT/BSD/X11 but with "May not be used for evil."
	- Melody Horn's [the fuck around and find out license v0.1](https://web.archive.org/web/20200814035954/https://paste.sr.ht/~boringcactus/ed023ccf9d7a5559612d6e60f0474d6c3375349d), which is less-ambiguous: "the software shall be used for Good, not Evil. the original author of the software retains the sole and exclusive right to determine which uses are Good and which uses are Evil." (via hir [boringcactus post about what comes after open source](https://web.archive.org/web/20200814035918/https://www.boringcactus.com/2020/08/13/post-open-source.html))
- [Beerware license](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beerware#License): Buy the publisher a drink.
- [Don't Ask Me About It License](https://github.com/nslater/DAMAIL): Don't contact the author.
- [The Chicken Dance License v 0.2](https://github.com/supertunaman/cdl/blob/master/COPYING): Distribute the source code with derivative projects.
- [No problem bugroff license](http://tunes.org/legalese/bugroff.html): Very permissive.
- [EXT JS License](http://www.exttld.com/index.php?content=terms): No animals may be harmed in any way bt the user, their employer, or the project.
- [A music license](http://www.codeforge.com/read/126664/setdpi.h__html): Listen to the music.
- [The Death and Repudiation License](https://github.com/indeyets/syck/blob/master/COPYING): No use by living persons allowed.
- [The JSLint license exception (archived)](https://web.archive.org/web/20170722132351/http://dev.hasenj.org:80/post/3272592502/ibm-and-its-minions): IBM may be evil.
- [The Alcohol license clause](http://club.myce.com/f59/strange-license-agreement-alcohol-writer-software-55692/): doesn't really have anything to do with alcohol.
- [Solipsistic Public License](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/matildah/SPL/fb35894f14be41ffd78018ae150e9da1cf6d4a75/LICENSE)
- [Tumbolia Public License](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/joshleaves/licenjs/4174e046c920acf066bfe9cd14d833210490c8b8/lib/template-tumbolia.txt)
- [The "Don't Be a Dick" Public License (DBAD)](https://dbad-license.org/)
- The "Do What The Fuck You Want To Public License" (WTFPL): [version 2](http://www.wtfpl.net/about/), [version 3](https://github.com/sirkris/WTFPL/blob/master/WTFPL.md).
- [(Woody) Guthrie Public License](http://researchenterprise.org/2013/12/06/the-woody-guthrie-public-license/):
    - "Anyone found copying and distributing this book without permission will be considered a mighty good friend of ours, because we don’t give a durn."
    - [witches.town alteration (archived)](https://web.archive.org/web/20180407192134/https://witches.town/@ThatVeryQuinn/3540091): "Anybody caught forkin it without our permission, will be mighty good friends of ourn, cause we don't give a dern."
- [Poblic License](https://web.archive.org/web/20200814145910/https://awoo.space/@typhlosion/1434007): "modifications to this project must introduce a misspelling"
- [Protestant Public License](https://web.archive.org/web/20200814150232if_/https://awoo.space/@Felthry/1434032): modifications must be published by nailing the complete source code to the door of a church, without permission
- [Calvinball Public License](https://tootplanet.space/users/Terrana/updates/22613): Forked projects must have novel license terms.
- [Decaying Public License](https://web.archive.org/save/https://awoo.space/@typhlosion/1433889): Derivative copies must have increasingly-restrictive licenses.
	- On the same page, the Increasingly Public License, which starts at a free license like GPL or Creative Commons, but each modification must be licensed under a more-public license, eventually arriving at a public-domain license.
- [Linguistic Public License](https://web.archive.org/web/20200814150901if_/https://awoo.space/@Felthry/1433846): Modified software must be in a different programming language, and comments must be translated to a new human language.
- [Halffero GPL v2](https://web.archive.org/web/20200814150935if_/https://awoo.space/@typhlosion/1433863): Forks must make acccessible a minimum of half their total changes to the source, in terms of non-comment non-insignificant-whitespace characters of code.
- [Please Public License](https://web.archive.org/web/20200814151216if_/https://awoo.space/@typhlosion/1433790): you must ask to modify the software, and you must approve such requests from people who seek to modify it.
- [Retroware License](https://web.archive.org/web/20200814151934if_/https://awoo.space/@typhlosion/1433742): Distribution prohibited except on a whitelisted type of hardware available before 2005.
- [Incremental Public License](https://web.archive.org/web/20200814152114if_/https://awoo.space/@typhlosion/1433666): Forks may only modify the license by one word.
- [Scholastic Public License](https://web.archive.org/web/20200814152142if_/https://awoo.space/@typhlosion/1433614): Intent to modify must be publicly declared by keeping a daily journal of learning the software before modifying.
	- [Government Public License](https://computerfairi.es/@boots/843765): Sure, you can fork it, but there's bureaucracy involved.
- [Polyglot Public License](https://web.archive.org/web/20200814152249if_/https://awoo.space/@typhlosion/1433566): Gotta add a new language that the original project didn't use.
- [Wiccan Rede](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wiccan_Rede): An it harm none, do what ye will.
- [The Safety Circle License (archived)](https://web.archive.org/web/20180403083715/https://witches.town/@Ontploffing/3544280): Encircle your computer in salt.
- [Offendo General Pain In The Ass License](https://web.archive.org/web/20200814152319if_/https://awoo.space/@typhlosion/1433157): You must have a way for people to acquire your source, but it must be more difficult than the way you acquired the source.
	- [Alternative Variable Chain Public License](https://icosahedron.website/users/shel/updates/76814): Anyone using this must use it for noncommercial, but forks may be used for commercial, but granchdhild forks cannot be commercial, etc.
- [Poe's Law Public License](https://icosahedron.website/users/shel/updates/76825): Derivatives must be licensed using a joke license.
- [Good Luck With That Public License](https://github.com/me-shaon/GLWTPL) is even better than DAMAIL; it requires leaving no trace of the original author in your code.
- [The Free! License](https://web.archive.org/web/20190108025048/https://friend.camp/@darius/101377271044280643): Sporps animu.
- The Learning Only License: [license](https://github.com/dolson14/LOL/blob/master/LOL_LICENSE), [explanation](https://github.com/dolson14/LOL/blob/master/README.md).
- The License Zero organization's stable of licenses, designed to facilitate public-private dual licensing:
	- The [Parity License](https://paritylicense.com/): changes must be contributed back to the public, unless your changes are prototypes, but it's otherwise free.
	- The [Prosperity License](https://prosperitylicense.com/): free except for commercial use, in which case there's a 30-day free trial.
	- The [Private License](https://licensezero.com/licenses/private): a boilerplate license for commercial use not allowed by the Parity or Prosperity licenses, supported by License Zero's [licensing service](https://guide.licensezero.com/).

# Licensing

The individual licenses contained within this repository are licensed under their respective terms.

The index document contained at README.md is dual-licensed under:

- the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License by its authors. The [license summary](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/) and [the text of the license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/legalcode) are available on [creativecommons.org](https://creativecommons.org/).
- [the Schrödinger License](./schrodinger-license.md) in its most recent incarnation.

Commit message:

Added the cookie ware license

README.md, after:

# Licenses in this repo

The canonical URL for this collection of licenses is https://github.com/benlk/misc-licenses

- [The Bugs License](./bugs-license.md): Like the Don't Ask Me About It License, but better.
	- This license is in the Public Domain. No pull requests are accepted against it.
- [Fight Club License](./fight-club-license.md): Don't click until you're ready to use the Fight Club License.
	- This license is a memetic hazard.
- [Schrödinger License](./schrodinger-license.md): Now safe to observe.
- [The Anyone But Stallman License](./stallman-license.md): No exceptions.
	- Historical note: This license is of separate construction from @kasm's "[Anyone But Richard M Stallman](https://github.com/landondyer/kasm/blob/master/LICENSE)" license.
	- Contributors include @marchtemp
- [The Mephistopheles License](./mephistopheles-license.md): If you are worried about losing your soul....

# Other neat licenses

May include joke licenses. In no particular order. Links not guaranteed to work.

Neatness is a hard-to-define quality; the criteria for acceptance here is at least one of: 1) I thought it funny or interesting, 2) someone made a pull request adding it 3) other criteria not listed here.

- [Artistic License](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Artistic_License): A serious license, not copyleft, kinda like CC-BY
- [The JSON.org license](http://www.json.org/license.html): MIT/BSD/X11 but with "May not be used for evil."
	- Melody Horn's [the fuck around and find out license v0.1](https://web.archive.org/web/20200814035954/https://paste.sr.ht/~boringcactus/ed023ccf9d7a5559612d6e60f0474d6c3375349d), which is less-ambiguous: "the software shall be used for Good, not Evil. the original author of the software retains the sole and exclusive right to determine which uses are Good and which uses are Evil." (via hir [boringcactus post about what comes after open source](https://web.archive.org/web/20200814035918/https://www.boringcactus.com/2020/08/13/post-open-source.html))
- [Beerware license](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beerware#License): Buy the publisher a drink.
- [Don't Ask Me About It License](https://github.com/nslater/DAMAIL): Don't contact the author.
- [The Chicken Dance License v 0.2](https://github.com/supertunaman/cdl/blob/master/COPYING): Distribute the source code with derivative projects.
- [No problem bugroff license](http://tunes.org/legalese/bugroff.html): Very permissive.
- [EXT JS License](http://www.exttld.com/index.php?content=terms): No animals may be harmed in any way bt the user, their employer, or the project.
- [A music license](http://www.codeforge.com/read/126664/setdpi.h__html): Listen to the music.
- [The Death and Repudiation License](https://github.com/indeyets/syck/blob/master/COPYING): No use by living persons allowed.
- [The JSLint license exception (archived)](https://web.archive.org/web/20170722132351/http://dev.hasenj.org:80/post/3272592502/ibm-and-its-minions): IBM may be evil.
- [The Alcohol license clause](http://club.myce.com/f59/strange-license-agreement-alcohol-writer-software-55692/): doesn't really have anything to do with alcohol.
- [Solipsistic Public License](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/matildah/SPL/fb35894f14be41ffd78018ae150e9da1cf6d4a75/LICENSE)
- [Tumbolia Public License](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/joshleaves/licenjs/4174e046c920acf066bfe9cd14d833210490c8b8/lib/template-tumbolia.txt)
- [The "Don't Be a Dick" Public License (DBAD)](https://dbad-license.org/)
- The "Do What The Fuck You Want To Public License" (WTFPL): [version 2](http://www.wtfpl.net/about/), [version 3](https://github.com/sirkris/WTFPL/blob/master/WTFPL.md).
- [(Woody) Guthrie Public License](http://researchenterprise.org/2013/12/06/the-woody-guthrie-public-license/):
    - "Anyone found copying and distributing this book without permission will be considered a mighty good friend of ours, because we don’t give a durn."
    - [witches.town alteration (archived)](https://web.archive.org/web/20180407192134/https://witches.town/@ThatVeryQuinn/3540091): "Anybody caught forkin it without our permission, will be mighty good friends of ourn, cause we don't give a dern."
- [Poblic License](https://web.archive.org/web/20200814145910/https://awoo.space/@typhlosion/1434007): "modifications to this project must introduce a misspelling"
- [Protestant Public License](https://web.archive.org/web/20200814150232if_/https://awoo.space/@Felthry/1434032): modifications must be published by nailing the complete source code to the door of a church, without permission
- [Calvinball Public License](https://tootplanet.space/users/Terrana/updates/22613): Forked projects must have novel license terms.
- [Decaying Public License](https://web.archive.org/save/https://awoo.space/@typhlosion/1433889): Derivative copies must have increasingly-restrictive licenses.
	- On the same page, the Increasingly Public License, which starts at a free license like GPL or Creative Commons, but each modification must be licensed under a more-public license, eventually arriving at a public-domain license.
- [Linguistic Public License](https://web.archive.org/web/20200814150901if_/https://awoo.space/@Felthry/1433846): Modified software must be in a different programming language, and comments must be translated to a new human language.
- [Halffero GPL v2](https://web.archive.org/web/20200814150935if_/https://awoo.space/@typhlosion/1433863): Forks must make acccessible a minimum of half their total changes to the source, in terms of non-comment non-insignificant-whitespace characters of code.
- [Please Public License](https://web.archive.org/web/20200814151216if_/https://awoo.space/@typhlosion/1433790): you must ask to modify the software, and you must approve such requests from people who seek to modify it.
- [Retroware License](https://web.archive.org/web/20200814151934if_/https://awoo.space/@typhlosion/1433742): Distribution prohibited except on a whitelisted type of hardware available before 2005.
- [Incremental Public License](https://web.archive.org/web/20200814152114if_/https://awoo.space/@typhlosion/1433666): Forks may only modify the license by one word.
- [Scholastic Public License](https://web.archive.org/web/20200814152142if_/https://awoo.space/@typhlosion/1433614): Intent to modify must be publicly declared by keeping a daily journal of learning the software before modifying.
	- [Government Public License](https://computerfairi.es/@boots/843765): Sure, you can fork it, but there's bureaucracy involved.
- [Polyglot Public License](https://web.archive.org/web/20200814152249if_/https://awoo.space/@typhlosion/1433566): Gotta add a new language that the original project didn't use.
- [Wiccan Rede](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wiccan_Rede): An it harm none, do what ye will.
- [The Safety Circle License (archived)](https://web.archive.org/web/20180403083715/https://witches.town/@Ontploffing/3544280): Encircle your computer in salt.
- [Offendo General Pain In The Ass License](https://web.archive.org/web/20200814152319if_/https://awoo.space/@typhlosion/1433157): You must have a way for people to acquire your source, but it must be more difficult than the way you acquired the source.
	- [Alternative Variable Chain Public License](https://icosahedron.website/users/shel/updates/76814): Anyone using this must use it for noncommercial, but forks may be used for commercial, but granchdhild forks cannot be commercial, etc.
- [Poe's Law Public License](https://icosahedron.website/users/shel/updates/76825): Derivatives must be licensed using a joke license.
- [Good Luck With That Public License](https://github.com/me-shaon/GLWTPL) is even better than DAMAIL; it requires leaving no trace of the original author in your code.
- [The Free! License](https://web.archive.org/web/20190108025048/https://friend.camp/@darius/101377271044280643): Sporps animu.
- The Learning Only License: [license](https://github.com/dolson14/LOL/blob/master/LOL_LICENSE), [explanation](https://github.com/dolson14/LOL/blob/master/README.md).
- The License Zero organization's stable of licenses, designed to facilitate public-private dual licensing:
	- The [Parity License](https://paritylicense.com/): changes must be contributed back to the public, unless your changes are prototypes, but it's otherwise free.
	- The [Prosperity License](https://prosperitylicense.com/): free except for commercial use, in which case there's a 30-day free trial.
	- The [Private License](https://licensezero.com/licenses/private): a boilerplate license for commercial use not allowed by the Parity or Prosperity licenses, supported by License Zero's [licensing service](https://guide.licensezero.com/).
- The [Cookie Ware License](https://github.com/c00kiemon5ter/Pancakes) for all locves of cookies.

# Licensing

The individual licenses contained within this repository are licensed under their respective terms.

The index document contained at README.md is dual-licensed under:

- the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License by its authors. The [license summary](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/) and [the text of the license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/legalcode) are available on [creativecommons.org](https://creativecommons.org/).
- [the Schrödinger License](./schrodinger-license.md) in its most recent incarnation.
